Like we did when we replaced the Object Persistence
model code with the document model,
we will test to make sure each of our endpoints are working as expected.
I've started up our application and have Postman opened.
When we added and tested our Object Persistence model,
we created a MovieRank collection and saved each of these
calls that we are making into this collection.
So we can go through each of these to ensure that we
get the expected results back.
If we start at the top of our collection,
we will load up the GetAllItemsFromDatabase and hit Send.
That looks to be working correctly, let's try our GetMovie endpoint.
Now our GetUsersRankedMoviesByMovieTitle,
let's see if we can add a movie, a movie with the name We Want It All.
Now we'll update the movie we have just added that
have a ranking of 4 down from 7.
And we'll test our overall ranking endpoint.
We also added the ability to create and delete tables
when using the DynamoDB low-level model,
so let's test each of these out.
We will change our Request method to be POST,
and add in our localhost and port number,
along with the route, setup/createTable.
We'll add a TableName of SongRank.
If we head over to AWS Console inside the DynamoDB service,
we can see that our table has been created.
Back inside Postman, let's now delete our table.
We will change our Request method to be DELETE,
and add our localhost and port number, along with the route,
setup/deleteTable, and the TableName that we just created.
If we head back into our AWS Management Console,
we can see that the table has now been deleted.
Everything looks to be working as expected. We have successfully replaced the document model code with the low-level model.